very well do what you do best take off
your clothes in season one
Danny's sexuality was central to her
transformation from basically a piece of
property into a full-fledged human being
and with Drogo the first thing that she
took charge up was the only thing that
was available to her at the time which
was her own body and she came into her
own as an adult really amongst the
Dothraki who were not shy about their
bodies in any way that Danny's not
really cut out to be a virgin queen and
Daario is a bad boy who seems like a
good idea to her at this moment and she
takes her prerogatives as a powerful
person as powerful people sometimes do i
yet he's made himself more than
available she didn't ever expect Jorah
to find out she loves Jorah in her own
way she makes it very clear to him that
that he's far more important to her and
means far more to her than a person like
Daario ever could just not in the way
that Jorah might like he's been in love
with Dany from pretty much her wedding
day and now he sees this young upstart
who just entered her life relatively
recently come into his world and sweep
her off her feet
I think he's both incredibly jealous and
also a little bit angry at Dany that she
would fall for a man who he considers so
unworthy of her we met you a night many
years ago
I think I would have remembered that
unlikely you had just been born
over in telling Tyrion the story about
seeing him as a baby when he'd been told
that he was a monster and he realized
that he wasn't a monster he was just a
baby there's a real tendency to demonize
your enemies he has empathy for Tyrion
and this is an implicit way of
recognizing the Tyrion isn't a monster
and he's a human being that has perhaps
more in common with Oberyn than either
of them would have thought Oberyn owes
Tyrion a great deal Oberyn came to
King's Landing to seek justice against
those who had wronged him and by
demanding a trial by a combat
Tyrion has given over an a perfect
opportunity to achieve what / and set
out to achieve which is taking one of
the big names off of his list of people
who mean killing that would be your
champion
Littlefinger as we know was in love with
santa's mother from the time years
little boy he was in love with Catelyn
he sees in Sansa it's almost like it's
Caitlyn reborn but even more beautiful
you're more beautiful than she ever was
Baelish call me Petyr
you get the sense that he's one of this
for a long time of this kiss and he
finally allows himself that pleasure and
kind of shocks Sansa and obviously was
not aware that Lysa might be might be
somewhere within Asha you don't
understand so you you can't lie to me
because I saw it with my own eyes kiss
me I pulled Elias father my husband my
sister they all stood between us and now
they're all dead that's what happens to
people who stand between Petyr and me
something that becomes clear in the
fifth episode that's reiterated here and
this much more emotionally volatile
scene is that Lysa and Littlefinger are
actually the people who set the entire
story in motion the story we've been
watching for is 37 hours at this point
they've arguably had more influence on
the events in this world than any other
two people in the story
Sansa probably doesn't quite catch this
in the moment of course because Lysa is
threatening to throw her through the
moon door by her hair Lices batshit
crazy she's prone to these tantrums this
one is actually justified she's just
married this guy and she's been
suspicious about this beautiful young
one even though it's her niece she's
still suspicious about Sansa because
anytime she sees her husband with a much
younger prettier girl she's gonna she's
gonna get jealous all of her paranoia is
validated when she sees
Littlefinger kissing her the only one
who had really ever been able to calm
her down from these Furies has been has
been Littlefinger and it's partly
because you know she's been in love with
him forever and they grew up together
and partly because he's really good I
mean he's just a master manipulator and
so it plays out as if it's going to be
another one of those times where he no
one else could have possibly taking her
quite literally off the ledge there and
save sounds up but he does it and you
kind of think like that's that's how
it's going to end
there's that wonderful moment where he
says I have only loved one woman only
one my entire life your sister
you